c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.apk
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.dll
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.pdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Facebok_UI.Android.apk
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\bin\Debug\Facebok_UI.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Facebok_UI.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Facebok_UI.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\paviliondm4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\shop.jpg
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_search_white_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_search_white_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_search_white_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_location_on_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_location_on_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_location_on_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_add_a_photo_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_add_a_photo_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_add_a_photo_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_launch_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_launch_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\Paviliondm4\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Facebok UI\Facebok UI\Facebok_UI.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_launch_black_24dp.png
